Hey! What are you showing her?!
Delete that! Delete!
Something this juicy happened
when I wasn't around?!
Why didn't you call me?
I totally forgot.
You're not all leaving me
out of the loop, are you?
No, nothing like that.
Right, right!
Really?
Hey, why don't we all hang out together?
Hey, yeah!
What do you think?
Okay, you're forgiven!
Yes, I will witness more juicy
Sakurai-Uzaki stuff in person,
thank you very much!
I'm sure that's what she's thinking.
Okay, let's figure out where we're going.
Right.
Oh, I want to go shopping!
--What about you?
--Ah, to be young.
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!
"Episode 2:
I Want to Make Udon After We Hang Out!"
You hardly even have to go
to class anymore, huh, Ami?
Must be nice...
Hang in there, you guys.
Yeah, Uzaki really struggles
with her reports.
That stuff is a breeze
when I apply myself!
Is it?
Besides, I have tons of friends.
Don't lump me in with my national
openweight-class loner senpai!
Then I guess I never
have to help you again.
Hey! That's against the rules!
What rules?
It's a senpai's duty
to help his juniors--his duty!
Looks like Sak won't be getting
one-upped in academics, anyway.
I hardly see you on campus, Sakaki.
Are you gonna even graduate?
Itsuhito's got more credits than I do.
This dude's good.
He registers for classes where he
just has to show up or hand in a report
to get full credit.
Some people just have a knack, you know?
Gotta use your time wisely.
What do you do with all your free time?
Lately? Solo camping.
Nice!
This seems unfair.
It was a way of life that
Uzaki had no hope of imitating.
Oh, can we check out the swimsuits?
Sure.
Didn't you already buy one earlier?
Well...
I've been going to the pool lately.
The pool?
With, um, with Senpai.
With Sakurai?!
Apparently, after swimming in the ocean,
he's started to enjoy
being physically active.
Here you go, Senpai.
Thanks.
Ah, rats. My time's slipping.
I mean, with my
swim club days behind me...
Just because they have swim lanes doesn't
mean you have to check your times.
Sorry. Habit.
Okay, time for some regular old swimming!
Right!
Oh, yeah--Uzaki?
Yeah?
Today's swimsuit? Another cute one.
Cute one... cute one...
He just kind of...
complimented me... out of nowhere.
So I figured I'd buy a new one.
You can start with swimsuit compliments.
Not mine!
Aha...
That'd be my fault.
Good job remembering that lesson, Sakurai.
Let's see...
Maybe he's the kind of
person who says that stuff.
--Hana looks so happy...
Better not to say anything after all.
--I mean, I didn't exactly hate it. I didn't hate it...
But man, I wish I'd seen that!
--Uzaki, all embarrassed about
her swimsuit compliment!
--Mommy?
--Uzaki, all embarrassed about
her swimsuit compliment!
"Using the Futsal Court'
Take that!
Hup!
Ha!
Yes!
We're still going, Senpai!
C-Can you not talk to me right now?!
Sak says he's hopeless
at any and all ball sports,
but let him practice
and he can hold his own.
Now if something indecent
were to happen, we'd be golden.
Futsal is not that kind of sport.
Specifically something like this...
He winds up naked?!
Ready for a mini-match?
I mean, I'm not sure...
C'mon, it's a game. Relax--take it easy.
Right.
It's not like we're expecting any
high-level plays from you in the first place.
They're underestimating us, Senpai.
No, I really do suck at this.
Shall we split into teams, then?
That's a middle-schooler team for you!
Can't even beat us
when it's five against three!
C'mon, cut it out.
D-Dammit...
What are they doing playing
middle-schoolers, anyway?
Shame on them.
Where do you college guys get off
dunking on middle-schoolers for kicks?
Act your age and go to
a college mixer or something!
Although some hunk'd probably
wind up snatching all the girls away
from you losers!
--Boo!
Those middle-schoolers
are being plenty rude right back.
It worked like a charm.
That hit a nerve?
I don't think I can watch this.
Wait--is he crying?
I am not! And who
the hell are you, anyway?
Whoa, he's coming after us!
He's just lashing out.
Listen, we paid good money
to play here, same as you.
Try to be a little more aware
of your surroundings, okay?
Huh?!
Hey--it's you! Sakaki!
You know each other?
Do we?
"Do we," my ass!
You were at the
soccer-club mixer last week!
Oh, I remember!
The mixer!
Remember us!
Sasamoto!
Kawakami!
Hamada!
Don't bother remembering them.
A mixer?
I only went because they begged me
to help even out the numbers.
And you snatched away all the girls.
No, no--we split up
at the station afterward.
You did? Then get your ass over here!
Come to our miserable
afterparty-slash-consolation bash!
I don't know if I want to be invited to
an afterparty even you call "miserable."
Still, striking out at
a mixer is all on you.
Did you make an effort to entertain the
girls who went out of their way to attend?
You can't do all the talking--you
have to let them talk, too.
Those girls said your bragging and
your club talk bored them to tears.
--Stop--please!
--His words are like knives.
Behold the confidence of the mighty.
Dammit! That guy really grinds my gears.
Hearing hard truths from that halfway
handsome face is what ticks me off!
For me, it's how girls were showing up
right away when I told 'em
Sakaki would be there.
But more than anything:
Bringing your own girls is unacceptable!
And they're both hella cute!
We're super jealous!
See, you can't say that stuff out loud.
You sure are speaking your mind.
Let's battle it out!
We'll play a 20-minute match.
If you win, we'll pay your bill!
But if we win...
I-It'd be nice if you
introduced us to those two...
How unexpectedly innocent.
You're on!
Can't help you with the pipsqueak,
but the one with glasses is available.
Yesss!
What?!
This sucks!
What do you mean, "pipsqueak"?!
I'll probably be useless!
Sorry, ladies, but you'll be spectating.
We'll borrow a middle-schooler
for our goalie.
It'll be fine. I'm okay at soccer.
Wow!
What part of that was "okay"?
So that's why he was
so quick to take the bet.
And conversely...
What are you even doing, Senpai?
Just running around?!
"slip"
Nice! More of that, please!
Hana the heckler
is having a fine old time...
If he's that good,
why didn't he join the club?
I don't get it...
This dude is infuriating, all right!
But he has a weakness.
Take him down first.
We can't let this end
without scoring even once!
We'll get at least one point
from them, even if we lose!
This is pitiful...
Sak.
With this broad of a spread,
you can relax.
Relax? But I haven't
even done anything yet.
With your legs,
we don't need cheap tricks.
If the ball comes your way, just
haul off and kick it toward the goal.
Got it.
That's right--
don't think, just zero in on
the one thing you have to do.
Focus. Focus!
Don't look at anything but the ball.
Concentrate only on...
...the ball!
Senpai's face...
He looks...
...like he did in high school.
Here it comes, Sak!
That's mine!
Nothing but...
...the ball!
Go!
"*For illustration purposes only."
Nothing but...
...the ball!
"*For illustration purposes only."
The ball!
I did it...
I scored!
Okay:
Run!
What?!
You middle-schoolers can go home now!
Aw!
Are you sure, Itsuhito?
Sure I'm sure. We won, didn't we?
Senpai! KOing everyone was total overkill!
No, I--that was a coincidence!
That was amazing...
Right?
The god of destruction...
an absolute god of destruction...
And so Sakurai became a mini legend of
the futsal court before he even knew it.
Okay, so I didn't see anything
juicy between those two...
...but I did get an eyeful!
"Using the Futsal Court"
You sure made a ton, Senpai!
Yeah, I got pretty good at making udon
after your mom showed me how.
Mom's been looking forward to this.
Senpai! Wait!
I can't--we're going to be late!
Hustle!
Oho...
Yo, Sakurai!
You start early with
that bummer of a face, huh?
You're looking
particularly villainous today!
Right? Right?
Good morning, Uzaki-senpai...
Your pestering is
as irritating as usual, I see.
Oh? What did you say to me, Sakurai?!
And here I am looking out for
and paying attention to
my miserable junior
with his sad loner college life!
Is that how you talk to your kind,
gorgeous senior?!
I didn't ask for your help.
Then you should be even more grateful!
It's your senpai's
affection--freely given!
If it's freely given, why are
you demanding gratitude?
Details, details!
You're always so darn nitpicky!
You and your big body,
always trying to trip me up!
I wonder about people like you,
speech center shot full of holes.
Always chattering on without thinking.
Shaddup!
Yeah, yeah, I know.
My senpai may be tiny,
but her heart is just sooo big.
Wow, amazing. I totally respect her.
Quit making fun of me,
you jerk! I'm over it!
How many times have I told
you not to talk about my height?
Whoa--Senpai--
Just because you're a tiny bit tall...
You're infuriating!
Wait, Senpai--wait!
It's too late to say you're sorry!
No--No, it's not that!
Oh? Then what, Sakurai?
Well, uh, I'm bumping up
against some things...
"rub rub rub"
I'm bumping them up against you!
On purpose!
To give my cute little junior
a little somethin'-somethin'!
I don't understand!
Am I cute or am I infuriating? Pick one!
Shut up, you!
It wasn't much different.
What's up? Your face is all red.
It is not either!
N-No?
Look, Mom's waiting, so let's get going!
Uh... okay.
Yes! They came out great!
Thank you so much.
You may have a real knack for cooking.
Nah. I've just spent the past month
making nothing but udon.
Here's some for you.
That's a lot!
It's more fun for me now
to make it than to eat it.
When there's a will, there's a way, huh?
So you got this good this quickly
from focusing only on making udon.
And udonly that!
Don't mug like you said something clever!
But I am getting
tired of my udon-only life.
I was wondering
if you'd teach me something new.
Of course!
Oh, no! This is still no good, Senpai!
What? What is?
Oh? You mean you don't know?
Want me to tell you, Senpai?
Spit it out already!
See? This here.
You can knead the dough right,
but cut it like this and it's ruined.
They have to be the same size, so
they're all done cooking at the same time.
These noodles are defective!
They're not fit for eating!
But you're eating them.
Get it, Senpai?
You can't call yourself an udon master
if this is what you're cranking out!
You're a rank newbie!
Why is she acting all
superior toward her senior?
You're right. I can't move on
while this still isn't perfect.
Please--teach me how to cut them properly!
Attaboy, Senpai!
Of course, but...
Won't you just be eating udon
for that much longer?
Udon know the half of it!
Pipe down!
Show me how you usually cut them.
Okay, got it.
Already?
Take one step back on your dominant side.
Like this?
Let's see... a little more like...
I-I'm so sorry! I got too close!
Oh, no... I'd forgotten...
Sakurai may be Hana's boyfriend,
but he's also a dangerous boy
with designs on her mother--me!
Tsuki Uzaki, 43,
has magnificently misread Sakurai.
Oh?
Yeah--he's concentrating.
Senpai's super earnest about everything,
so he gets right into the zone.
He doesn't react to anything
when he's like this.
It's great for pranks.
Not to anything?
Man, right here next to him?
What an opportunity this would've been!
An opportunity?!
C'mon, let's head over there.
That's right--an opportunity!
I've got to fix the messed-up
relationship he has with Hana.
Tsuki Uzaki has no idea that
she's the one who's messed up.
H-Hana?
I'll start with her--and
some gentle prying.
Er, how are things with you
and Sakurai lately?
"How"?
I-I, um--you know!
Anything... unusual recently?
Hey, Uzaki woke up first.
I'll send you this
picture later, okay, Hana?
Oh, would you prefer the video?
St-Stop... just stop!
Let go of me, Senpai!
This is when two coincidences collided:
the daughter who wondered how her
mother could have known about that event
and the mother who, for better or worse,
happened to be prying for something.
How? Who told her?
Hey, boss, look at this.
Actually, the other day...
Ma'am! Ma'am!
Is that how it got here?
How sad indeed is a
chain of misunderstandings.
What could I do? It's just a habit of his.
A habit? A sexual habit?!
Though we shouldn't have
let anyone at school see us...
See them? At school?!
We have it all on video.
They recorded it?!
Senpai just wouldn't let me go.
Not a second round!
It was a just a big mess...
Big mess... big mess...
To think they've already gone that far...
If only I'd been stricter with
her--this never would have...
Hana... I'm going to
go lie down. I'm tired.
Huh? Okay... sleep well.
She only hurt herself
with her misunderstandings,
and Tsuki Uzaki's days of anguish
would continue a little longer.
I did it.
The udon was cut nicely.
Aw, not udon again!
Senpai made way too much.
Your senpai?
Don't mind if I do!
And another misunderstanding was born.
College-girl udon tastes 17 times better!
Boy, he's hungry.
I'm home!
Hey there, Yanagi.
"Next Time"
"Episode 3: Does Uzaki-chan
Want To Go To the School Festival?"